feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo/64ec9343769e8f85c1e17e05.md

---
id: 64ec9343769e8f85c1e17e05
title: Step 18
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

> Create a `div` element with the class of `task`. Use template strings to set the `id` of the `div` to the `id` you destructured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `div` element with the class of `task`. Utilize template strings to set the `id` attribute of the `div` to the `id` you destructured from the task data.
```
